README.md, before:

MineCraft
=========

If one can have a favorit seed, my would be 5065005039813119575.

code-pirates-forge-mod
---

Code Pirates Mod run on [Minecraft Forge version 1.10](http://files.minecraftforge.net/maven/net/minecraftforge/forge/index_1.10.html) and [Minecraft Forge version 1.8](http://files.minecraftforge.net/minecraftforge/1.8)

This mod add a Boy Coding Pirat, Girl Coding Pirat as Blocks and Coding Pirat Leg as Item.

![CodePiratsMod](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jarryDk/MineCraft/master/code-pirates-forge-mod/images/CodePiratsMod.png)

install-and-run-forge-minecraft
---

Shell script to install MineCraft Forge on Linux

Versions

- 1.7.10
- 1.8 

jarry-forge-mod
---

Jarry Mod run on  [Minecraft Forge version 1.7.10](http://files.minecraftforge.net/minecraftforge)

Mod showing how-to build item, blocks and add to creative tab.

[SourceCode] (https://github.com/jarryDk/MineCraft/tree/master/jarry-forge-mod)

NB: It will not run on [Minecraft Forge version 1.8](http://files.minecraftforge.net/minecraftforge/1.8)

jarry-bukkit-plugin
---

Simpel mod for bukkit - R.I.P.

[SourceCode] (https://github.com/jarryDk/MineCraft/tree/master/jarry-bukkit-plugin)

Created using
`mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=name.arungupta.bukkit -DarchetypeArtifactId=bukkit-plugin-archetype -DarchetypeVersion=0.5-SNAPSHOT -DarchetypeRepository=https://maven.java.net/content/repositories/snapshots/ -DgroupId=dk.jarry.bukkit -DartifactId=jarry-bukkit-plugin -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT -Darchetype.interactive=false --batch-mode`

Read more on [Minecraft Workshop Instructions](https://java4kids.java.net/minecraft-workshop/mar2013/steps.html) post by  [Arun Gupta](https://twitter.com/arungupta)

Links
---

[Devoxx4kids -> Workshops -> Minecraft] (https://github.com/devoxx4kids/materials/tree/master/workshops/minecraft)

[Updating 1.7 to 1.8 Part 1: Setup & Mod file](http://www.wuppy29.com/minecraft/1-8-tutorial/updating-1-7-to-1-8-part-1-setup-mod-file/#sthash.nU3o5lgg.dpbs)

[Updating 1.7 to 1.8 Part 2: Basic Items](http://www.wuppy29.com/minecraft/1-8-tutorial/updating-1-7-to-1-8-part-2-basic-items/#sthash.l5cvjfH8.dpbs)

[How to update your mod to 1.8](http://www.minecraftforge.net/forum/index.php/topic,24263.0.html)

[MinecraftByExample - Forge 1.10+] (https://github.com/TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample)

[MODDING TUTORIALS - Minecraft Mods &amp; Modding by BedrockMiner] (http://bedrockminer.jimdo.com/modding-tutorials/)

[MinecraftForge Documentation] (https://mcforge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

[List of Open Source Forge Mods] (https://github.com/agaricusb/ForgeMod/wiki/List-of-Open-Source-Forge-Mods)

[github.com/lorddusk] (https://github.com/lorddusk)

[github.com/TheRoBrit] (https://github.com/TheRoBrit)

[coolAlias/Forge_Tutorials](https://github.com/coolAlias/Forge_Tutorials)

[TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample](https://github.com/TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample)

Commit message:

Back from 4 years  coffie break

README.md, after:

MineCraft
=========

Update after a 4 years coffie break.


Getting Started with Forge -> https://mcforge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gettingstarted/

Get the code -> http://files.minecraftforge.net/



If one can have a favorit seed, my would be 5065005039813119575.

code-pirates-forge-mod
---

Code Pirates Mod run on [Minecraft Forge version 1.10](http://files.minecraftforge.net/maven/net/minecraftforge/forge/index_1.10.html) and [Minecraft Forge version 1.8](http://files.minecraftforge.net/minecraftforge/1.8)

This mod add a Boy Coding Pirat, Girl Coding Pirat as Blocks and Coding Pirat Leg as Item.

![CodePiratsMod](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jarryDk/MineCraft/master/code-pirates-forge-mod/images/CodePiratsMod.png)

install-and-run-forge-minecraft
---

Shell script to install MineCraft Forge on Linux

Versions

- 1.7.10
- 1.8 

jarry-forge-mod
---

Jarry Mod run on  [Minecraft Forge version 1.7.10](http://files.minecraftforge.net/minecraftforge)

Mod showing how-to build item, blocks and add to creative tab.

[SourceCode] (https://github.com/jarryDk/MineCraft/tree/master/jarry-forge-mod)

NB: It will not run on [Minecraft Forge version 1.8](http://files.minecraftforge.net/minecraftforge/1.8)

jarry-bukkit-plugin
---

Simpel mod for bukkit - R.I.P.

[SourceCode] (https://github.com/jarryDk/MineCraft/tree/master/jarry-bukkit-plugin)

Created using
`mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=name.arungupta.bukkit -DarchetypeArtifactId=bukkit-plugin-archetype -DarchetypeVersion=0.5-SNAPSHOT -DarchetypeRepository=https://maven.java.net/content/repositories/snapshots/ -DgroupId=dk.jarry.bukkit -DartifactId=jarry-bukkit-plugin -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT -Darchetype.interactive=false --batch-mode`

Read more on [Minecraft Workshop Instructions](https://java4kids.java.net/minecraft-workshop/mar2013/steps.html) post by  [Arun Gupta](https://twitter.com/arungupta)

Links
---

[Devoxx4kids -> Workshops -> Minecraft] (https://github.com/devoxx4kids/materials/tree/master/workshops/minecraft)

[Updating 1.7 to 1.8 Part 1: Setup & Mod file](http://www.wuppy29.com/minecraft/1-8-tutorial/updating-1-7-to-1-8-part-1-setup-mod-file/#sthash.nU3o5lgg.dpbs)

[Updating 1.7 to 1.8 Part 2: Basic Items](http://www.wuppy29.com/minecraft/1-8-tutorial/updating-1-7-to-1-8-part-2-basic-items/#sthash.l5cvjfH8.dpbs)

[How to update your mod to 1.8](http://www.minecraftforge.net/forum/index.php/topic,24263.0.html)

[MinecraftByExample - Forge 1.10+] (https://github.com/TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample)

[MODDING TUTORIALS - Minecraft Mods &amp; Modding by BedrockMiner] (http://bedrockminer.jimdo.com/modding-tutorials/)

[MinecraftForge Documentation] (https://mcforge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

[List of Open Source Forge Mods] (https://github.com/agaricusb/ForgeMod/wiki/List-of-Open-Source-Forge-Mods)

[github.com/lorddusk] (https://github.com/lorddusk)

[github.com/TheRoBrit] (https://github.com/TheRoBrit)

[coolAlias/Forge_Tutorials](https://github.com/coolAlias/Forge_Tutorials)

[TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample](https://github.com/TheGreyGhost/MinecraftByExample)
